let me bring you a line that is coming
out from the writers news agency at the
moment which is reporting that the
Israeli military says that it will allow
Palestinian evacuees to use the main
Gaza Highway South between 11 GMT and
1,400 GMT on Saturday so that is
essentially within about 3/4 of an hour
starting within 3/4 of an hour from now
and then running for a 3-hour period
after that that that's as much as
information as we have at the moment we
have of course seen um attacks and uh
tank attacks on some of these routs
south over the past few days as soon as
we get more information about what's
going to be going on with that and who
exactly is going to be allowed to move
South we're going to let you know